two best friends jack and tyler went to
a tropical island to surf and have some
rest
after an active day at sea they bought a
large watermelon and ate it
in an hour or so tyler felt unwell and
lost consciousness
luckily he was taken to a hospital in
time the doctors there managed to save
his life
but jack couldn't wrap his mind around
what had happened
both guys ate the same watermelon tyler
didn't have any kind of an allergy
then how come jack was perfectly fine
jack didn't eat watermelon seeds and
tyler did
whatever substance poisoned him was in
the seeds
jerry got a job as a security guard at a
supermarket
on his first day he heard an alarm go
off when a young woman
was leaving the store he stopped her and
asked whether she had a receipt
she did so jerry checked it and the
girl's bag
everything looked okay but the man still
called the police
why
the date on the receipt was wrong the
girl had bought all the products the day
before and then
came back the next day to steal the same
stuff
a wealthy businessman was poisoned at a
restaurant
when the police arrived they questioned
all other visitors who were there at
that time
albert said he'd been talking on the
phone with his brother
judy told the police she had been
waiting in a bathroom line
diana said she had been writing a report
for her boss
and phillip said he had been putting on
his clothes ready to leave
who's the culprit
it's judy besides her there were only
three other visitors in the restaurant
and all of them were busy there couldn't
be any bathroom line
catherine was a maid at the smith's
house one day she called the police and
asked them to come as soon as possible
when they arrived the woman told the
officers the house owners were away on
vacation
she was the only one to look after the
house
in the morning she went grocery shopping
on her way back
a man in a mask ran up to her and made
her open the door and let him in
he tied catherine to a chair took all
the valuables he could find
and sneaked out of the house the woman
started to shout for help
after some time a passerby heard her
shouting
entered the house and untied her then he
went away
without leaving his name or phone number
after the detective heard this story
he arrested catherine why
the smith's house is away from the town
in a forest
there aren't likely to be any passers-by
in that area
plus the fence is high and thick even if
catherine had been shouting no one would
have heard her
janice rented an apartment with three
other girls
once her mom came to visit her she gave
her daughter some money
janice put the bills under a book lying
on her desk
and went to see her mom off when she
returned there was no money in the room
the girl questioned her neighbors
natalie answered she had just
returned from her morning run brittany
told janice
she'd wanted to read the book after
taking it she put the money in the
middle drawer
kayla said she had entered the room just
once to look for her scarf
who took the money
it was britney the desk has no middle
drawer
a unique diamond was exhibited in a
popular museum
no wonder it was guarded day and night
only small groups of people were allowed
to enter the room with a diamond
one of such groups had just left when
the security guards heard a shrill alarm
go off
they dashed inside and found a man who
seemed to be as shocked as they were
the diamond was in its place the guards
searched the man
and found nothing unusual a phone a
wallet
a lighter a bottle with water and a
camera
they let the man go but soon it was
announced the diamond had been stolen
what happened
the man replaced the real thing with a
fake gem
after that he hid the famous diamond in
his bottle with water
two girls tina and betty got lost in the
forest
after some time each of them found a
clearing with lots of berries growing
there
by that moment the girls had been
starving they decided to snack on the
berries
but for one of them it's going to be a
grave mistake
which girl is that
betty is eating the berries from
endangered plants
she's not supposed to do it but they
won't make her sick
tina is munching on the berries that
have knocked off a bird
it means they might be poisonous for the
girl too
uh oh maria was walking down the street
when someone slammed into her it was a
man who immediately started to apologize
the girl looked at him attentively and
said it's okay mark
how come she knew the man's name if he
wasn't a celebrity
and she had never seen him before
[Music]
maria knew the man's name because he was
her friend's
twin brother eric needs to get some
documents from his colleagues safe
if he doesn't he'll get fired the next
day but
it turns out to be a tricky task the
safe has a password
and eric has no idea how to crack it
it's a combination of letters o t t
f f s s with the last three letters
missing
what are they
the missing letters are e-n-t
all of them are the first letters of the
numbers from one to ten
one evening christian went to the
backyard to enjoy some peanut cookies
he didn't want to leave any crumbs
inside the house because his wife was
allergic to nuts
but when the man opened the bag he found
just one
cookie christian questioned his three
kids
alice the eldest puffed don't you
remember i'm on a diet
kelly the middle child said i was
studying upstairs
i didn't have time for cookies and joe
the youngest
answered he had been too busy helping
his mom to make a peanut butter cake so
who gobbled down christian sweets
[Music]
it was joe christian's wife is allergic
to nuts
it would be too risky to make a cake
with peanut butter
a rich man's house was burgled strangely
the thieves didn't take anything
except for one painting when the police
arrived
the confused house owner told them he
had bought the canvas at auction
it didn't cost much he had no idea why
the criminals had chosen to steal it
pretty soon the police detectives figure
out what was so special about the
painting
can you
[Music]
it wasn't about the painting itself but
about its expensive
and unique frame mr johnson disliked
modern art
one day he ran into the city art museum
and caused damage to several paintings
which cost millions of dollars instead
of being arrested though
he was invited to the manager of the
gallery the man started to thank mr
johnson
and promised he would be rewarded how
come
mr johnson was a firefighter the water
he used to put out the flames
damaged several masterpieces but he
still managed to extinguish the fire
saving many more precious exhibits